Now, before we go on to the next exercise,
I want you to take a second look at the code that we just
created and I want to point out one important aspect,
which is something we covered earlier before getting into the exercises,
which is about the fact that although we have a separation of concerns here,
we have the data and the application separated.
What do you should note is for example this data structure here profile.
If at some point you decide that you would want to add an extra property here.
Given this architecture the way it is setup that would be impossible to do,
because it is in the data structure.
This is something you'll have to think about carefully and perhaps
consider an architecture where information that
is perhaps transient that is not super important to
the primary data contract might also live in your application contract.
So what you then have is a split data store where
the primary data contract contains that
data and those structures that absolutely cannot be changed,
that cannot move, they'll never have any modifications made to them,
and you can have components of your data that could adapt based
on the application logic changing in your app smart contracts.
So that's just an observation, architectural observation.
There are many different ways in which you can approach this and
really the specific smart contracts,
the specific application that you are designing will govern exactly what you make.
The pattern that we have discussed here today of separating
the data and the application works for many different scenarios.
So it's a good general purpose scenario.